---
title: Memnix - Devlogs 2
tags: [Memnix, Golang, PostgreSQL, Rust]
style: fill 
color: success
description: Memnix is getting an update ! 
---

# Devlogs 2

## 1. Database

I made some modifications to the database!

{% include elements/figure.html image="./assets/memnix-db2.png" caption="VStudio Schema" %}

Other changes are to come, especially on the cards.

## 2. Rest API

I changed a lot the REST api, especially by adding the SM-2 algorithm! An article will come soon to detail this algorithm and the changes I plan to make.

It is now possible to retrieve the cards to study with the optimal date!

## 3. Discord Bot

I created a bot discord in Rust allowing to play on a first test deck. This allows me to have a simple implementation to try out my API as I go along, to be able to make demos and to start getting statistics

{% include elements/figure.html image="./assets/memnix-bot1.png" caption="Memnix discord bot" %}

## 4. Metabase

I have locally deployed metabase in order to make nice statistics! I'll put some screenshots in the next devlogs

## 5. What's next

I need to work on the documentation of my API, comment the code, have better error handling etc... The api is currently impossible to deploy in production because of its instability!

I will improve the model of the cards to provide my modified version of the SM-2 algorithm!  (more information in my next post)

I'll work on a new cinema-themed deck with the help of professionals in the industry so that I can demo Memnix on a fully featured deck.
